DAW Version update (#5)
FundamentalFrequency/LMN-3-Build-Guide: README.md

Replace `10.0.0.146` with whatever the IP was for your device. Now you should be remotely connected to the Pi, and can execute commands inside on it in your terminal session.

### Downloading the LMN-3 DAW 
```
$ cd ~
$ wget https://github.com/FundamentalFrequency/LMN-3-DAW/releases/download/<desired-version>/LMN-3-aarch64-linux-gnu.zip
```

Please replace <desired-version> in the URL above with whatever version you want. 

For example:  
```
$ wget https://github.com/FundamentalFrequency/LMN-3-DAW/releases/download/v0.1.1/LMN-3-aarch64-linux-gnu.zip
```

> The URL used above is version 0.1.1 for the aarch64 application. If you are using a different version you can find it [here](https://github.com/FundamentalFrequency/LMN-3-DAW/releases).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The URL used above is version 0.1.1 for the aarch64 application. You can find releases for all available versions [here](https://github.com/FundamentalFrequency/LMN-3-DAW/releases). Each release contains a zip file for multiple architectures, so please make sure you download the zip file for the architecture you require. 
```
